fix(genapi): added warning regarding system prompt (#3975)
scaleway/docs-content: ai-data/generative-apis/how-to/use-function-calling.mdx

    The model automatically decides which functions to call. However, you can specify a particular function by using the `tool_choice` parameter. In the example above, you can replace `tool_choice=auto` with `tool_choice={"type": "function", "function": {"name": "get_flight_schedule"}}` to explicitly call the desired function.
</Message>

<Message type="important">

>     Some models shall be told they can use external functions in system prompt. If you don't provide a system prompt when using tools, Scaleway will automatically add one that works best for that specific model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Some models shall be told they can use external functions in the system prompt. If you do not provide a system prompt when using tools, Scaleway will automatically add one that works best for that specific model.
```

>     Some models shall be told they can use external functions in the system prompt. If you do not provide a system prompt when using tools, Scaleway will automatically add one that works best for that specific model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Some models must be told they can use external functions in the system prompt. If you do not provide a system prompt when using tools, Scaleway will automatically add one that works best for that specific model.
```

Reviewer 2: Even though it's preferential, I'd rather not use "shall" as it can be misinterpreted by french users. "Must" is more explicit and clear.
